so I took a chance on a guy and it
didn't work out so what I'm not upset
about it I'm just accepting where I am
right now Christina Walters had had her
heart broken one too many times
so she vowed to never let any man get
too close but just when she'd given up
on love hi hi what was going on with you
hottie
nothing nothing this guy did get under
here no you're never gonna find anyone
better than my brother Geary is the
greatest and I am serious that hurts me
okay that's why you're my wedding on
Saturday right you might really like him
but you're just too afraid to admit it
that's a big facade this spring can see
in your eyes you liked her nothing I can
do about it now
[Music]
she's really cute she's going after the
one who got away
I could show up at his brother's wedding
cuz he is gonna be there cause it's
right okay let's go but the road to mr.
right it's paved with surprises
I might as well strap a sign on that
says stalker this isn't the Glickman
vomits is it no boy sure Christina my
god
Columbia Pictures invites you love is
crazy and that's what love is to the
most unexpected or fake you can touch it
if you want to touch it
that's why chicks always go to the
bathroom together romantic comedy of the
year I just wish there was some sort of
sign from God that you and his Peter
Donna you guys are supposed to be
together
Cameron Diaz
[Music]
the sweetest thing
[Applause]
[Music]